# Flow

[`Flow`](https://flow.org/en/) is a static type checker for Javascript and is widely used by front-end developers nowadays. It helps us to code faster, smarter and more confidently. Since Electrode Archetype has already got Babel in place, we need to set up `Flow` with babel: use babel to compile the code and integrate `Flow` into Electrode app/component.

## Flow with babel

The Electrode Archetype adds [`babel-preset-flow`](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-preset-flow/), which contains a [`babel-plugin-transform-flow-strip-types`](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-plugin-transform-flow-strip-types/) plugin for stripping `Flow` types away so that the program can run. It also adds [`flow-bin`](https://github.com/flowtype/flow-bin) to run `Flow` and check if the type is valid.

## Flow with eslint

The Electrode Archetype uses the [`eslint-plugin-flowtype`](https://github.com/gajus/eslint-plugin-flowtype) plugin as the linting rules for ESLint `Flow` type. The rules are enabled via the `.eslintrc-*` files located inside the `electrode-archetype-react-(app|component)-dev` configuration folder.

## Flow configuration

When we initiate `Flow` in our **app**, it creates a `.flowconfig` file at the root level of your application.

When we initiate `Flow`in our **component**, based on its lerna structure, it creates a `.flowconfig` file inside the `packages/[component]` folder, which is the root level of your component.

The `.flowconfig` file contains several sections:

```markdown
[ignore]
ignore files matching the specified regular expressions when type checking your code.

[include]
include the specified files or directories.

[libs]
include the specified library definitions when type checking your code.
```

Checkout [here](https://flow.org/en/docs/config/) for more information.

## Integrate with Flow

### Integrate existing app with Flow

Please be sure your `electrode-archetype-react-app*` version is `5.3.0` or later.

To initialize the `Flow`, you can run `clap initflow`. This will generate a default `.flowconfig` file at the root level to configure `Flow` for your app.

### Integrate existing component with Flow

Please be sure your `electrode-archetype-react-component*` version is `5.3.0` or later.

To initialize the `Flow`, you can run `clap initflow` under the `packages/[component]` directory. This will generate a default `.flowconfig` file at the component level to configure `Flow` for your component.

### How to run flow

`Flow` will only be checked when the user has flow code. To mark the flow files, you can place

```
// @flow
```

or

```
/* @flow */
```

before any code in the Javascript files.

This flag is in the form of a normal JavaScript comment annotated with @flow. The Flow background process gathers all the files with this flag and uses the type information available from all of these files to ensure consistency and error free programming.

If you want to run the Flow Background Process, you can start the process that allows `Flow` to check your code incrementally and with great speed by `flow status`.

To stop the background process, run `flow stop`.

You can also type flow to accomplish the same effect as status is the default flag to the flow binary. At any point that you want to check for errors, just run `flow`.

## Generate new app/component with Flow

A new Electrode React App can be generated by running with `electrode-ignite`:

```bash
ignite generate-app
```

A new Electrode React Component can also be generated by running with `electrode-ignite`:

```bash
ignite generate-component
```

To enable `Flow`, you can reply `yes` to the prompt question when generating an app/component by `electrode-ignite`:

```bash
Would you like to generate .flowconfig for flow usage?
```

This will generate a default `.flowconfig` file for your app/component. To know more about `electrode-ignite`, please read [here.](../quick-start/start-with-ignite.md)

## Flow FAQs

You may experience similar issues when integrating with `Flow`, please check [here](./flow-faq.md) for solutions.

## References

- [Use Flow with Babel](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/using-flow-with-babel-c04fdca8d14d)
- [Flow installation](https://flow.org/en/docs/install/)
