# Customize Configurations From Your App

You can extend or customize the configurations in your Electrode applications. This section describes concepts and details to help you configure and customize your Electrode app.

## Extending Webpack Configurations

The webpack configuration for your app is generated by the archetype. While composing the webpack configuration, the archetype looks for the archetype/config folder at the project root of your app.

To override or extend the webpack configuration, refer to the section about [Overriding](webpack-config.md#overriding).

## Define Client Entry Points

By default, the archetype uses `client/app.js` or `client/app.jsx` as a client entry point. Alternatively, you can define multiple entry points for your application, so the Webpack will create bundles for each app entry point. To do that, place `entry.config.js` module into your app's client directory.

The following is an example of `entry.config.js`:

```
module.exports = {
  "web": "./app-web.js",
  "ios": "./app-ios.js",
  "android": "./app-android.js"
};
```

## Importing External Javascript files

Since Electrode applications are built with [`electrode-react-webapp`](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode/tree/master/packages/electrode-react-webapp), you can import the external files at an available extension point in the index template. More information can be found [here](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode/tree/master/packages/electrode-react-webapp).

What you can do with the options:
- unbundledJS (Object): Specify the JavaScript files to be loaded at an available extension point in the index template.

  - enterHead (Array)

  Array of script objects `({ src: "path to file" })` to be inserted as `<script>` tags in the document head before anything else. To load scripts asynchronously use `{ src: "...", async: true }` or `{ src: "...", defer: true }`.

  - preBundle (Array)

  Array of script objects `({ src: "path to file" })` to be inserted as `<script>` tags in the document body before the application's bundled JavaScript.


For example, go to `config/default.js` file for your app `electrode-react-webapp` configurations:


```markdown
const config = {
  plugins: {
    "electrode-react-webapp": {
      options: {
        pageTitle: "My Awesome React WebApp",
        paths: {
          "/{args*}": {
            content: "<h1>Hello React!</h1>"
          }
        },
        unbundledJS: {
          enterHead: [
            {src: "http://cdn.com/js/lib.js"}
          ]
        }
      }
    }
  }
}

require("electrode-server")(config);
```
